Description of the setting
The year is 2489. It is the reign of 
The world has been at complete peace for almost five centuries now.
The world speaks only one language.
Africa has finally split into two. 
The human population on earth is 20 trillion.
The human population of Mars is 50 trillion.
The human population on the Moon is 1 trillion.
The human population on the Asteroid 1163 is 1 trillion.
The human population on the Asteroid 1163 is 1 trillion. 
The human population on the Asteroid 1163 is 1 trillion.
All people are of equal wealth
The idea of countries no longer exists.
The monarchy of the United Kingdom still exists.
Everyone’s future is decided long before their born.
Pregnant mothers are tested and the strengths of their offspring evaluated. Based on the results, the Unborn child is registered in a domain(where he would serve throughout his life).
Old men above the physical age of 60 and above are transported to Asteroid belt 122 where they live the rest of their lives
State of smooth tranquility
Humans proven by scientists to be the only race of living things existing in the universe
A giant UFO spotted in the old men college
Kept by old scientist
A baby in the spaceship with completely strange engineering and language. The language was found to be Greek.
A human looking baby
The spaceship is analyzed and it was found to be from several  light years away.
There is a law in the constitution to arrest all aliens found since humans intend to dominate the universe
The baby is grown by the old scientist who lies to the others that he sent the child to the Azkaban
The Azkaban is not a horrible place it’s a place where the person’s entire life is monitored and studied.
No complete freedom.
The child’s name is Hadzs but was renamed by the old scientist to Hans because he couldn’t pronounce his name
The child’s physical age is 1 year. The true age of a child less than 3 years is the same as his physical age with a 0.5 percent standard diviation. The baby is given a new birth date.
Hans is extremely sensitive and needs great deal of endurance to endure even the smallest pain. Hans learns tel